README.md, before:

# CPE 360 Data Structure and Algorithm

This course focuses on understanding and implementing a variety of data structures ranging from basic to advanced, primary algorithms, and time and input/output complexity analysis. The purpose of this course to not only learn those data structures, but also implement them in C/C++ program.


---
Outline 
---

> **Lecture 2**: C++ basics.

> **Lecture 3**: Implementing matrix matrix multiplication to help learn C++ basics.

> **Lecture 4**: Pointer and address.

> **Lecture 5**: Naive version of linked list where the inserted record is always at the second from the header.

> **Lecture 6**: Search (Linear and binary search).

> **Lecture 7**: Based upon lecture 6 + Making the array random ordered, adding qsort for binary search, adding functionalities of multiple queries.

> **Lecture 8**: Time complexity understanding via testing algorithms with complexity of O(logN), O(N), O(NlogN) and O(N^2). These algorithms are binary search, linear search, QuickSort and matrix vector multiplication.

> **Lecture 9**: Tree and binary search tree.

> **Lecture 10**: Implementation of building a binary tree.

> **Lecture 11**: 

> **Lecture 12**: Binary search tree (mainly insertion, and pre/in/post order traversal).

> **Lecture 13**: Deletion of a vertex in binary search tree.

---
Contact
---
Dr. Hang Liu: asher.hangliu@gmail.com

Commit message:

update README and add merge_sort.cpp

README.md, after:

# CPE 360 Data Structure and Algorithm

This course focuses on understanding and implementing a variety of data structures ranging from basic to advanced, primary algorithms, and time and input/output complexity analysis. The purpose of this course to not only learn those data structures, but also implement them in C/C++ program.


---
Outline 
---

> **Lecture 2**: C++ basics.

> **Lecture 3**: Implementing matrix matrix multiplication to help learn C++ basics.

> **Lecture 4**: Pointer and address.

> **Lecture 5**: Naive version of linked list where the inserted record is always at the second from the header.

> **Lecture 6**: Search (Linear and binary search).

> **Lecture 7**: Based upon lecture 6 + Making the array random ordered, adding qsort for binary search, adding functionalities of multiple queries.

> **Lecture 8**: Time complexity understanding via testing algorithms with complexity of O(logN), O(N), O(NlogN) and O(N^2). These algorithms are binary search, linear search, QuickSort and matrix vector multiplication.

> **Lecture 9**: Tree and binary search tree.

> **Lecture 10**: Implementation of building a binary tree.

> **Lecture 11**: 

> **Lecture 12**: Binary search tree (mainly insertion, and pre/in/post order traversal).

> **Lecture 13**: Deletion of a vertex in binary search tree.

> **Lecture 14**: Heap data structure (with deletmin and insert).

> **Lecture 15**: Sorting (quadratic sort, merge sort and radix sort).

---
Contact
---
Dr. Hang Liu: asher.hangliu@gmail.com
